TLS 1.3 stated as implemented (#2347)
18F/cg-site: _docs/compliance/domain-standards.md

These are false positives. While the CBC cipher modes of operation are being phased out (they are theoretically subject to padding oracle attacks), our cipher implementation is consistent with all relevant guidance, as noted above.

> **TLS 1.3**: TLS 1.3 has been implemented with `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` TLS protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TLS 1.3**: TLS 1.3 has been implemented with `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` security policies on our load balancers. All new Cloudfront domains are created with the `TLSv1.2_2018` security policy, which supports TLS 1.3. The TLS version supported by other AWS service endpoints, like S3, are controlled by AWS itself.
```

> **TLS 1.3**: TLS 1.3 has been implemented with `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` security policies on our load balancers. All new Cloudfront domains are created with the `TLSv1.2_2018` security policy, which supports TLS 1.3. The TLS version supported by other AWS service endpoints, like S3, are controlled by AWS itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TLS 1.3**: TLS 1.3 has been implemented with `ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS13-1-2-Ext1-2021-06` security policies on our load balancers. All new Cloudfront domains are created with the `TLSv1.2_2018` security policy, which supports TLS 1.3. The TLS versions supported by other AWS service endpoints, like S3, are controlled by AWS itself.
```
